---
layout: post
title: Northeast Meeting
subtitle: Second Wednesdays
date: 2019-08-22 10:00
author: jekyll
---
Houston Babywearing Resource Second Wednesday Northeast Meeting

Join us on the second Wednesday of every month at His Presence Family Fellowship Church (19814 Atascocita Shores Dr. Humble, TX 77346). Bring your favorite carriers or ones you need help with — or come try on something new! One-on-one help will be available in addition to general babywearing demonstrations and safety discussions, as led by our babywearing leaders. We will start with our 101 part of the class at 10:00 am. This will give us a chance to talk to you about some of your different options in babywearing as well as some basic functions and workings of the styles of carriers. We will follow this with breaking up into smaller groups to address questions or concerns. So whether you're curious about babywearing, an old pro, or somewhere in between, come on out and meet fellow babywearing families and we'll have some fun!

Meetings are always free and open to everyone — children of all ages are welcome! 

DIRECTIONS: If you are coming down 1960 from Humble/Atascocita toward Huffman you will take a Right on Atascocita Shores. This is the last light before the Huffman Bridge. There is a Chevron on the corner. We are on the RIGHT side of Atascocita shores BEHIND the Chevron and ACROSS from the Lake Shore Villas Apartments.

Check out [our Facebook page][facebook-2nd-W] for the most up-to-date info about HBR meetings.

[facebook-2nd-W]: https://www.facebook.com/events/1001423586719627/